Documentation of new features (Feb - Jun 2022) (#135)
railwayapp/docs: src/pages/deploy/railway-up.md

If pointed to a GitHub service, the `up` deploy build will replace the active deploy with the `up` service. When an empty service is selected within the deployment prompt, the empty service will become a CLI service.

> Keep in mind, Railway takes a snapshot of your code payload from your machine. This command may fail for large repos that are larger than 1 GB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keep in mind, Railway takes a snapshot of your code payload from your machine. This command may fail for large repos that are larger than 50mb.
```

> Keep in mind, Railway takes a snapshot of your code payload from your machine. This command may fail for large repos that are larger than 1 GB.

Reviewer 2: Just confirming if this limit is 1 GB?
